Skip schema validation by default (#869)
gentics/mesh: CHANGELOG.adoc

* The support for the embedded Elasticsearch will be dropped in the future. It is highly recommended to link:{{< relref "elasticsearch.asciidoc" >}}#_dedicated_elasticsearch[setup Elasticsearch as a dedicated service].

[[v0.40.1]]
== 0.40.1 (TBD)

> icon:check[] Core: Schema validation will no longer fail by default, when Elasticsearch is not available. The previous behavior can be enforced by setting `SchemaUpdateParameters#setStrictValidation` to `true`.-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
icon:check[] Core: Schema validation will no longer fail by default, when Elasticsearch is not available. The previous behavior can be enforced by adding `?strictValidation=true`.
```
